The Governing Body does
a tremendous amount of work
in preparing instruction
based on the powerful Word of God.
But how does spiritual food
in the form of audio and video programs
reach all those wanting to enjoy it?
In 2014, the Teaching Committee
of the Governing Body
approved the formation
of the World Headquarters
Broadcasting Department.
This was to help transmit spiritual programs
to people all around the world.
First Corinthians 14:9 says in part:
“Unless you with the tongue
use speech that is easily understood,
how will anyone know what is being said?”
At our theocratic events,
the audience needs to see the videos clearly
and to hear the talks and music easily.
How does the Broadcasting Department
make this possible?
Our work in Broadcasting is really twofold:
We focus on program transmission . . .
. . . and the equipment needed
to make that happen.
For a convention program
to really reach people’s hearts,
they have to be able to see it
and they have to be able to hear it.
So the World Headquarters
Broadcasting Department
works with broadcasting departments
at branches around the world
to try to make that happen.
The audio/video equipment
that we use is very expensive,
so we’re constantly looking for ways
that we can save dedicated funds.
When the organization began to show
video content at conventions,
we responded to help branches
in developing lands
obtain the equipment they needed.
These countries had very limited resources.
It wasn’t just that the equipment
was expensive,
but how do you get a video wall
to a rural convention site in Africa?
Once it’s there, how do you power it?
Who’s going to operate it?
In some venues
where we hold regional conventions,
they don’t have electricity.
Additionally, getting the necessary equipment
to all of the events can be challenging
—for example, the lack of roads and highways,
transporting the equipment
by sea on a small boat,
as well as having to use
the same video equipment
at several conventions
and delivering it on time.
Congo (Kinshasa)
is the size of Western Europe.
But only a handful of cities
are connected by paved roads.
Many areas are accessible
only during the dry season
using either Land Cruisers,
motorbikes, dugout canoes, bicycles,
or simply on foot.
So transporting materials to certain areas
can easily take several months.
To meet the need
for the Ngäbere regional conventions,
the Broadcasting Department
at world headquarters
recommended that we purchase
a portable LED display
that could be transported easily.
This meant manufacturing cases
that were lighter,
transporting the equipment
by sea on a small boat,
and using wheelbarrows.
Also, the brothers
had to carry the equipment,
which included
portable power generators and gasoline,
for three hours
on narrow, steep, slippery, and rocky paths.
At times, they made use of horses.
In 2015, things started
to change rapidly with the support
of the World Headquarters
Broadcasting Department
and the Regional Purchasing Office in Asia.
For the 2019 regional convention series,
95 percent
of the nearly 850,000 attendees
had clear audio and video transmission
for the entire program.
I thank Jehovah so much
that we can enjoy watching the videos,
reports, experiences,
and music videos so clearly.
Now we have a better experience
when we get to know our Instructor more
in ways that touch our heart.
JW Stream is an online tool
that was primarily designed
as a way for us to broadcast
everything from large events
that might go to millions of people
down to small events
that would be seen by just a few.
Really, it’s our primary method of broadcast.
It can also be used to make online content
available on demand as needed.
An example of this on-demand content
is recorded congregation meetings.
These recordings are made
for the benefit of the multi-language field.
Globally, groups as well as congregations
that might be small or isolated
are able to benefit from these meetings.
When I can hear meetings from Thailand,
where the brothers use words and expressions
that touch my heart,
it helps my faith get stronger.
It’s like a tree that gets good fertilizer,
which makes deep roots
that result in the tree progressing better.
Thanks to the hard work
of the World Headquarters
Broadcasting Department,
Bible instruction is being transmitted
at our theocratic events
like never before!
These spiritual programs
not only touch our hearts
but also draw us closer
to our “Grand Instructor,”
Jehovah God.